Add documentation to subctl benchmark cmd flag (#300)
submariner-io/submariner-website: src/content/deployment/subctl/_index.en.md

#### benchmark throughput

`subctl benchmark throughput <kubeconfig1> [<kubeconfig2>] [flags]`

> The `benchmark throughput` command runs a throughput benchmark test between two specified clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `benchmark throughput` command runs a throughput benchmark test between two specified clusters or within a single cluster.
```

When running `benchmark throughput` command, two type of tests will be issued:

* Pod to Pod - where both Pods are scheduled on Gateway nodes
* Pod to Pod - where both Pods are scheduled on non-Gateway nodes

When using the flag `--intra-cluster-baseline`, the following test will be issued:

* Pod to Pod - where both Pods are inside the same cluster, from Non-Gateway to Gateway

> 

Reviewer: Since we document this in the `flags` section  below I think this is redundant. Same on L221 below.

#### benchmark latency

`subctl benchmark latency <kubeconfig1> [<kubeconfig2>] [flags]`

> The `benchmark latency` command runs a latency benchmark test between two specified clusters.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The `benchmark latency` command runs a latency benchmark test between two specified clusters or within a single cluster..
```

When running `benchmark latency` command, two type of tests will be issued:

* Pod to Pod - where both Pods are scheduled on Gateway nodes
* Pod to Pod - where both Pods are scheduled on non-Gateway nodes

When using the flag `--intra-cluster-baseline`, the following test will be issued:

* Pod to Pod - where both Pods are inside the same cluster, from Non-Gateway to Gateway

#### benchmark flags

| Flag                                | Description
|:------------------------------------|:---------------------------------------------------------------------------------------|

> | `--intra-cluster-baseline`          | Issue a benchmark test inside a single cluster (from Non-Gateway node to Gateway node)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
| `--intra-cluster-baseline`          | Performs the benchmark test within a single cluster between Pods from a Non-Gateway node to a Gateway node
```

Reviewer: This is beyond the scope of this PR but why don't imply intra-cluster when only one kubeconfig is specified w/o the explicit `--intra-cluster-baseline` flag?

Reviewer 2: I share the same opinion as @tpantelis. intra-cluster looks short and succinct.

Reviewer: yeah we could shorten the flag to `intra-cluster` but I'm  suggesting to eliminate it.

Reviewer 2: mm.. I guess @maayanf24 wanted to make it explicit when the user wants to test intra-cluster.

Reviewer: I suppose - if the user intended inter-cluster but mistakenly specified only one kubeconfig it will error out.  I do think we should drop the `baseline` term - I'll push a PR for that.

Reviewer: PR was mergeed.
